Haojun
You are going to be as hard as steel with the doorsman to the end
You are not afraid of tomorrow
This full dynasty did not come to the dynasty
Haha, okay.
It's good that they don't come to court
I'm trying to hire a group of new people
These three-legged toads are hard to find
Two-legged people are all over the street
This court challenges
Not a bunch of newcomers talking about control
Coincidentally not
My queen
A pragmatic handbook for the court has recently been written
Follow this book
Even newcomers
You can't go wrong.
Oh, the queen has to be you.
Virtuous and virtuous wrote such a good book
Oh my concubine
If there were only two of you in this world
I really feel so warm
Why is this paper so memorable?
This one.
It's the book I made, and I have to wipe my butt with paper
Enjoy later.
Why are these words the same?
This is my newly invented printing technique
10,000 copies can be printed a day
His Majesty holds a weapon
Cao Mingde is willing to worship
There you go.
Those who seek good luck and avoid evil are gentlemen
It's not over for the two of you to get lost
I hope Your Majesty will give the door a way to live
Where am I?
There's also steelmaking.
Concrete two doors technology can be passed on to you
Make two million dollars a year
I want the Menfah family to withdraw from the court forever
Thank you your majesty